[music]
Hello, I am in Destin. Welcome to Smarter Every Day
Well today we will learn how helicopters work. In fact, we will get started
our thinking hats, my have this look,
and we will make a whole series of videos. See one big one. We will show you what it is.
Become smarter every day!
The reason I am in Tennessee to record this is that in Carl,
I'm pretty sure, I'm a magician. I do not joke Is it ok if I bring this helmet throughout the video?
(Carl) Yes, it hurts a lot. (Destin) OK. Carl will do this helicopter
in ways that I did not even know were possible. The next videos will be all about
how helicopters work They are much more complicated than you think, but now
I just want you to see this.
[rotor noise]
(Destin) What kind of witchcraft is this?
Can you fly it by valley?
So, that is why today we are working with Carl.
For this reason. That's how you cut the lawn
to Tennessee, eh? (Carl) Oh yes.
What you do not notice is that there is a wind of at 16 km / h and he is ... [river]
He is doing this in the middle of this wind. It's pretty flipant.
(Destin) You realize that
this is some type of black magic, right? (Carl) Oh, it defies all the physics, do not you think? [laugh]
So you'll make the numbers of that. (Destin) Nano, that has been confusing.
OK, if you want to know more about how these helicopters work, be aware. To the next videos
I will use high speed video, night flights, long photography
exhibition Basically, a handful of tricks to teach your tricks.
So you see and subscribe and you will see all these videos.
And, will you fly a little more? (Carl) See, no problem. (Destin) Let's fly over. Just because it's amazing.
[music]
[Andrew Jackson Transcription: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.